Welcome back I'm a student so I hopefully hopefully you got this to work.
If not to remember that this function might have not worked because it's expecting parameters and as
you can see this require a primer email so it's expecting parameters and going to put here on this function
so the full parameters OK.
Just so he doesn't give me that error when I go to use it.
And then I'm putting off all of them
and it's
so this is just so just in case nothing is there.
We don't get an error now.
And now when we go back to test it shouldn't be there.
So that's good.
Our ideas actually helping us.
This idea is helping me.
Before I had the time.
So let's go to this file and the next this vendor felt optional so follow the rectory so this is not
working and not working.
Let's go back here and
we are in the right directory here.
But this same e-mail probably it's not so.
I mean the autoload here let's go and put that in there.
This is where my I.D. I think is messing with me.
And as you can see he's doing something he says message has been sent.
So my the OK was not telling me that true and that for us
debugging.
But anyway so here is the e-mail.
As you can see we've got the e-mail.
This is the age the e-mail message in the body.
And in bold.
That's what he's saying here.
But anyway so you can see we got the e-mail and we got it.
We got the waste coming from here.
As you can see we also have the subject we're getting a lot of things here.
Pretty cool stuff right.
Oh and by the way you see that from where my name and then the e-mail.
So get this to work.
Make sure he's working on your project successfully by creating a test file and then once we get it
it's essentially working.
We can start cleaning this up a little bit in the functions file.
So let's go ahead go to our send e-mail and make sure that we replace the statics value with real values
coming from a class.
Ok this is what we got to do now.
And I'm going to start replacing the subject with variable OK.
Subject that is coming in is functionally this here and we want to replace this with an e-mail variable.
What else we got the message which is M-S G.
This will be this year and this guy here
you know just like this for now.
What else.
That's about it.
We are not using headers.
We could use headers or we can use this variable for something else.
Let's say you want to pass something else to this function.
You can pass it through here.
OK.
So what I want to do now is create a configuration class so let's do that real quick in this lecture.
First I want to create a directory and call these classes.
And inside this directory I want to create a configuration class so uppercase the first letter is very
common when you're doing object oriented.
And here is what I'm going to create this configuration class.
Now I recommend naming your class the same as a file.
So
come right here let's create a class since I'm going to have any H.T. email below.
I don't have to close my BHB tags.
Get some developers.
Close it.
That's very common but it's also common and not to close it.
So now there is a class A very different definition or a constant definition that you probably have
not seen yet which is Konst.
OK this is basically the same thing as defined but define with is function fine.
You can use it to define constants but you can pass more options.
They are still working on creating more options for that constant declaration.
But anyway so SMPTE P hosed.
And then here we are going to be putting the host in our case is SMPTE the mail trap that's what it
is.
Then we have another cost and is going to be A.P. poort.
And I was going to be 25 25.
Now we have another one that going to be you know what I'm just going to copy these guys out there where
and then this
should be the user
why still password here.
So let's go ahead and put this up here because I don't like the way they were there.
Let's go back to functions and let's just let's get those values for the user name
here.
This is a string so blazed that let's get the password
great.
Keywords can be used as name BHB.
Let's go and get the.
What else do we need.
OK.
Let's.
What else do we need.
So we got this and sent the peapod.
And for some reason I'm getting a arrowing here
oh of course.
She's
kind of playing around a lot with a lot of objects.
So I'm so used to defining keys and values that kind of forgetting not forgetting but sometimes I place
Como's they went in as opposed to.
So anyway.
So we got this going here.
Let's see if we can replace this now with our values from that file.
Do we have a little here we do have autoload So we are actually we need to actually include this class
in that configure in composite Jason.
So let's actually go to our composer Jason and we are going to create a map so that when we do this
is we come here real quick and then we create this
now this class map is going we are going to be mapping where we want composer to include the classes.
You know what plays we won him or the program to look for or OK for these classes.
And of course he's saying that aspected always a semi-colon.
We got it here somewhere.
Oh you know what this is actually takes an array now that I remember for not mistaken yet was an array
and then we come here and then we came to that directory.
OK.
So we're good to go here there's nothing else that we need.
Let's go back to functions.
That's good years.
Good.
So let's create bringing those values here.
So let's come here and a couple of ways of doing it.
I like to use is I like to use my comfy class name.
Statically we are going to bring those values like this and k now we're going to do the same thing for
the password
and the setting for the port
and dissenting for the host.
This is supposed to be user name
and go back to configuration.
That's fine.
So now let's go back to our testing file and see if we can send another e-mail.
So I'm going to come back here.
And
actually when will we need to actually send some type of values to our test files.
Copy that.
So the first thing is the email I'm going to say Edwin at gmail going to change it up a little bit.
I'm going to put that next parameter testing of data.
Than the other one.
So message some message.
OK let's see if that works.
We wrote a lot of code here so hopefully it works.
Let's go back here and yes and class conflict now found.
Oh one thing that we need to do here is we need to kind of refresh our composer by saying composer dump
autoload we're going to pass off of two mice and let's go back here and try again as you can see Massett
send updated.
And we got our new values.
OK hopefully you got through this one OK.
I wanted to make another lecture.
I wanted to include everything in this lecture so that way you guys can move on with your project.
So you're welcome to rewind the video.
You're welcome to ask questions we can help you in anything we know we can.
We will help you if we are able to.
So ask in practice I'll see you in the next lecture.
Thank you.